stop just who the hell might you be
Ursula you can call me your majesty
I don't bow down yes you are you I'm the
person who's having you either knocked
out strangled or try to impregnate I
don't know lots of tentacles are for I
was invited here what's your Excuse this
is my Oh
so what did you send for me believe me I
did not
I wouldn't do that don't worry
you dented fish little dragon unless I
tell them to
thank you my darlings a wonderful job
I'll take it from here now who's gonna
tell me what the hell I'm doing in this
ghastly place lovely question because
this ghostly place is my home and I
didn't ask for any visitors I receive
specific instructions as did I I don't
care you're trespassing and you know
what I do with trespass don't even think
it no no ladies don't tear each other
apart I need you all in one piece
a rather three pieces Rumplestiltskin it
was you guilty someone want to tell me
why I left the sea for this oh yeah the
reason for this little tete-a-tete
attempt that's it we all have something
in common apart from mutual distaste
we're villains and it's time the
villains got their happy endings